a mother's cry searching for her
seven-year-old son in a Gaza Hospital
Echoes loudly in
Bethlehem his name is Yousef he has
curly hair and a beautiful face protest
slogans from Gaza children repeat the
words spoken over and over by
Palestinian
parents Yousef was killed in an Israeli
air strike one of at least 4,600
children killed in 5 weeks of Israeli
bombardment 70 kilm away in the occupied
West Bank Palestinian children hope
their message reaches far and
wide I want children in Gaza to have a
life beyond War I want Palestine to be
free for children to have a life to play
like other children they're in front of
the Nativity Church believed to be the
birthplace of
Christianity most weren't born when this
church was under a 40-day Israeli Siege
back in
2002 it was during the second in an
armed Uprising backed by the Palestinian
leadership times have changed so has the
Palestinian authorities position is now
only interested in achieving peace
through diplomacy the reality on the
ground has changed as well and
Palestinians say they've never been as
divided as they are
now this protest is organized by workers
in the health sector
some unions and political factions have
been staging similar rallies but their
relatively small turnout tells a story
of a fragmented Society separated along
Geographic and political
lines Promises of Peace seemen further
away now with images of death and
destruction streaming globally while the
world looks
on we feel helpless we can't do anything
useful to help them we can only talk and
and pray that this ends our hearts are
broken others don't believe their
protests will change
anything how can we help a mother who
lost a child or a mother who saw her
children dismembered nothing would
comfort them the war needs to stop
physically they're in the occupied West
Bank but people we spoke to say their
hearts and minds are in Gaza they don't
feel the bomb blasts but cannot escape
the
Heat ibraim Al jaaz the occupied West
Bank